Remove ClientToken rate limit (#638)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: changelog/README.md

# Changelog

> ## 26nd August 2024

Reviewer: issue(grammar):
```suggestion
## 26th August 2024
```

Author: thanks! woke up _bye_lingual today :D

> * Removed [ClientToken level rate limits](../guidelines/environments.md). This is no longer checked in the API. 

Reviewer 2: Suggest a minor change to wording just to be 100% clear:
```suggestion
* Removed 'per Client Token' [request limits](../guidelines/environments.md). This is no longer checked in the API. 

```
